I will guide you
You investigate me well
I admit that you did a very thorough job
But too detailed
Easy to expose problems
Whoever has a young master's heart in this matter will do it
I'll investigate
Here is the first-hand account of the investigation of you
Master, please take a look.
This turned out to be a first-class attacker outside the country
But isn't he from the Wanjia this Halloween?
He belongs to the Wanjia, that's right.
But ah!
It doesn't affect that he is also a person of Jianghe Group
I found out that his real name is Zhang
Yongqing
Jianghe Group has been developing overseas for decades
President Zhang is afraid
This is your masterpiece too
So what if I was?
Little Wanjia is just my stepping stone
I have people all over the world.
Eating away slowly
In the end, they are all part of my Jianghe Group
So you're the chef behind the scenes
According to your plan
Huaqing chamber of commerce
And the next family will fall into your hands
Your Jianghe Group is so energetic
That's right, hahaha, it's a pity that I underestimated you.
If I hadn't found these wine bags and rice bags
How can I fall for you?
Young master, don't talk nonsense with him
Everybody, get him.
Don't come for revenge
Come and take revenge, why be decisive?
Come for revenge
No way.
young master
Master, why did you save me?